---
title: Thoughts on pricing
subtitle: "Our thoughts on pricing for Drachenwald’s 30 Year Anniversary Celebration and Coronation"
---

When we began looking for a site for our bid for Drachenwald’s 30th Anniversary, we knew we wanted something special that could do justice to the event we were imagining.  Thankfully we found that in Kasteel de Berckt – an amazing historical site with a range of accommodation options, amenities such as included bedding/towels at no extra cost that would make our attendees’ lives easier, and even professional cooks familiar with cooking medieval food who will cook our meals for us.  This allows those attendees who usually volunteer a lot of time in the kitchen to instead join other event activities and enjoy some well-deserved rest!

However, these amenities do not come cheap, and even more so now that we are experiencing an inflation and energy crisis.  In Drachenwald we have a long history of pricing our events as inclusively as possible, and we wanted the same for 30 Year.  At the same time, we have some very enticing, special accommodation options for this event that are rare in Drachenwald, and having discussed with various members of the Kingdom, we knew there was support for selling the most exclusive rooms at a small premium, which would allow us to reduce the prices for dorms/camping and children.

We began fundraising as soon as we were given Kingdom approval for the bid, and we’re happy to say it’s been a great success.  This fundraising, combined with the staggered pricing for the various accommodation tiers, has allowed us to keep the dorm/camping prices competitive with other events in the Kingdom, ensuring as many people can join as possible.

We’ve made one less common choice, in that we’re charging daytrippers the same price the site is charging us and not subsidising that price the way we are some of the others.  This is because we want as many people to stay on site as possible, and are thankfully able to offer a variety of types of accommodation to allow this.  

We hope this explains our thinking for the pricing for the event, and we look forward to welcoming as many people as possible to Drachenwald’s 30th Anniversary Celebration and Coronation!

The 30 Year Event Team

<div class="text-center">
  <a href="{% link reg/index.md %}" class="btn btn-primary">Registration & Pricing</a>
</div>
